Beerin is happy
Beerin is always happy
How could it not be, when it spent everyday hanging out with its friend?
Buzzing about, telling stories and discussing philosphy with Treeze. Yes, Beerin was very happy indeed, to have such a calm and carefree life
No worries, no doubts, just endless days of fun under the sun
Currently, Beerin was flying around a plain of grass
There are no flowers here, but that's alright, since Beerin has the ultimate power of friendship! 
In the distant stood its friend, the wise tree Treeze
He swayed in wind, and though Beerin knew Treeze couldn't actually move any of his branches, it imagined he was waving at it
After sufficient buzzing around, Beerin returned to the hill on which Treeze stood
It told the tree about its day of hanging out in the grass
Treeze hums. And told Beerin in turn about his day, in which he stood at the top of the hill and swayed in wind. 
Indeed, as Treeze was rooted to his spot, he could not go out and play in the grass and explore the world like Beerin can
Perhaps it was a bit sad, was what Beerin thought
Beerin was happy, but perhaps it wished Treeze could be happy too
He had it for company, but it could decide to fly off anytime it wanted
Even if Treeze wished, he would still be rooted to this spot for all his life
That's why Beerin needed to cheer Treeze up!
But how?, Beerin wondered
There was nothing here, nothing to do in this wide and expansive grass field
There were no flowers, no other trees, there was not even any clouds passing by that one could count 
In this unchanging world, there was on the grass and the wind, and of course, that sun shining overhead
But none of these could cheer Treeze up
Beerin was discouraged
What to do?
It sat on one of the grass blades, contemplating
Treeze sees the little bee being dejected
To him, the little bee was trapped here along with him; it never went back to its hive, nor did it ever go buzz around flowers
So he tells the bee: 
"Go out there. There will be places to explore and colors to see. I may be rooted here, but you can fly free. So fly high, do not chain yourself to this unchanging plain."
The little Beerin never fathomed of going outside the grass field
It was like in that moment, an invisible wall inside its head was just broken through
It knew the outside world, of course it did. that was where its hive, its home was, after all
Yet somehow, it never thought of doing what Treeze was suggesting
Somehow, those memories of home and other bees seem so distant
Beerin could not help but question itself just a little bit
But it pushed those thoughts aside, because it decided to stay here, didn't it? No time for regrets!
it was fine with life here. It was peaceful and happy. Even if it was away from home, spending eternity here with its friend was not that bad 
Its hive would survive without it
But from this, Beerin also gained a new idea
It may be fine, but Treeze could not possibly bear so much time spent only with the grass, the wind and sun
Thus, Beerin decides. Yes, it will venture into the outside world after all, and it will bring back many wonderful things for Treeze to enjoy
With a world so large, there would surely be something that Treeze would like
And maybe, maybe then, when it bought back something like that
Maybe Treeze can be happy as well.