Returning to the grassy plains, Beerin presented its finding to Treeze
It seems that Treeze is pleased by the strange device, and he asks about where it came from 
Beerin then regaled him with tales of its adventures
Of the flower field,... and the dream
Treeze is very curious about all of these strange things Beerin encountered
But he took interest in some particular details
How did you know what that weird water phenomena was called rain?, he asked, After all, the sky here is always clear and no water ever falls, so surely it must be unfamiliar to you
To this, Beerin did not have an answer
Truthfully told, it just... knew. Somehow.
This is why when Treeze continued to stare at it, Beerin just said buzzed nervously
Now that I think of it, I think this isn't the first time you've said something weird and expected me to know about it, Treeze continued, you mentioned a day and night cycle
That was just something its overactive imagination dreamed up, probably
That was what Beerin thought
But Beerin did not respond for a while
It did not know what to say
After a long silence, Beerin said: I probably just named it, and forgot other people didn't know the name
Still, said Treeze, I find it strange, I don't think you're that easily distracted
It's almost as if you came from a completely different world..., Treeze trailed off
Then, Treeze brightened up, even though trees do not have faces and there has been no indication of brightening up, Beerin just knew
It was like a light switch went off in his head
And he decided now was the time to change subjects: Beerin, how come you never visit your hive?
Huh?, was Beerin's dignified response. It was a fairly abrubt change from the previous conversation they were having
What did Beerin's airheadedness have to do with the hive?
Don't you miss it?, Tree inquired
Of course I do!, Beerin huffed
Why do you never visit it, then?, Treeze asked again
Well, I needed to stay here obviously, was the reply
Except,.... was that really it?, wondered Beerin
Do you?, was what Treeze said back, Do you need to stay here?
Obviously! Beerin needed to say here because....
Well, that was unimportant
It was here to keep Treeze company so he doesn't... die from isolation or something
But was that really it?
After all, that... wasn't really reason to not visit the hive, was it?
It could have visited any time
Treeze didn't mind it going places, and Beerin was already going out to fetch items anyways
Doing a detour to the hive wouldn't have been that hard
And Beerin knew its fellow hive members and knew they would have welcomed it
What has Beerin... been doing all this time?
For some strange reason, Beerin felt a strange fear in its heart
It pushed for Beerin to stay here, to never even go near the hive
Why was the little bee feeling this way?
It made no sense, no sense at all
Was there... something there Beerin was avoiding?
Suddenly Treeze spoke once again: I think you should go. I think you'll find the truth there
Perhaps, thought Beerin, perhaps that was what needs to happen
Perhaps there, it could find the truth of this world there
This sunny, almost blindingly perfect world
And perhaps Beerin... could stop lying to itself
But Beerin... was a coward at heart
It had a tiny, weak heart filled with cowardice
And Beerin was afraid
But more than it was afraid, it was tired
Tired of running, of always trying to escape the truth
It had been running this entire time
Perhaps it was time for Beerin to face the inevitable
Still, Beerin did not understand
How could Treeze know what it needed to do?
Treeze had been stuck there, on that hill for his entire life
Did he seriously figure out that something was wrong, just because of some inconsistency with what it said?
More than that, how did he know the hive was related to all this?
When Beerin voiced all its concerns, Treeze smiled
Or, well, he smiled internally. Beerin could still tell anyhow... somehow
I have long suspected there was something wrong with this world, he answered
But your words, your reaction was what i needed to figure out what
Huh, was what Beerin thought to that
Was such a thing even possible? Yes, because Treeze was evidence that it was
Regardless, I think you should go to the hive, said Treeze, even if it had nothing to do with what is wrong with this world
And then he continued: But I have this feeling, strange as it might be, that that is where all our answers lie
Beerin nodded, or more accurately, flew up and down rapidly as a sign of agreement
I will go there, it said, and I will face the truth
I will bring the answers back to you, it did not say, because Beerin did not know there would be a Treeze to bring answers back to
And so Beerin took off towards the hive