Room 1: Lassate ogne speranza voiautri ca trasiti. This is the original line.
No for real, check his earlier works, you will see what he thought was the real language of poetry.
Room 2: Ok, je suis desolee, as usual I ramble about that topic, I probably spoiled the surprise already anyway.
Room 3: It all starts with Hrolfr, or Rollo, or Rollon.
FAIL Rollo: You became a rock and started rolling.
Room 4: A great raider, a warlord, and... First to get settled on the northern shores of a country.
Room 5: He embraced the cross, and adopted a new language.
Room 6: And thus his progeny would leave their mark in every land they lived in.
Room 7: Thus... right they travagghianu, up they toil.
FAIL: Your ship takes the wrong direction, you end up in Britain, lost in the wilderness.
Room 8: Surely they all took different directions and interesting stories.
Room 9: And they went wild with the differences!
Room 10: Can you guess what a muccaturi is?
FAIL (Snot): Acciùùù! U coddu a cu sacciu iu!
Room 11 (Napkin): Indeed descendant of Rollon, we have so much in common.
Room 12: Continuing the journey proved arduous. 
Room 13: But our story is interrupted, that guard looks hungry... Should we continue left?
Room 14: As I was saying, despite the differences, we're all a big family in the end.
Room 15: Would you say you're the only one being called a frog eater?
FAIL (Yes): Nun fari arraggiari lu Paturnisi!
Room 16: What a tragedy that distant cousins would hate one another due to national allegiances.
Room 17: On the right they say sisiri, on the left they say ciciri.
FAIL: MORA MORA LU FRANCISI!
Room 18: Thus the thread of fate has been severed. But hey, have some soup! *Chickpea soup obtained* (Back to room 13
Room 19: That guard really liked the soup... Let's go before he notices we didn't bring any bread with us.
Room 20: Another hungry guard? What's with this place. Oh well, time for another detour it seems.
Room 21: So yeah, you may have guessed it since the beginning, I too am a descendant of Rollon!
Room 22: And we've been talking about food a lot.
Room 23: So you know which individual specifically by now.
Room 24: So now we will go to the meat of the question.
Room 25: The golden treasure of our quest.
Room 26: And how shall we refer to it?
FAIL (Arancina): TA FAZZU IETTARI SANGUI! PICCA 'TALIANU CU MIA!
FAIL (Arancino): Close enough, but not quite.
Room 27: Indeed my friend. And... what do you put in it?
Room 28: You have passed the test. Here's a basket of arancini!
Room 29: I think this guard is far happier than the one before, it's suspicious that the guards suddenly showed up though.
Room 30: Anyway... We're almost at the end of the journey, o descendant of Rollon.
Room 31: This was my elaborate setup to make you take a long spiraling journey to...
Room 32 (END): This beautiful cassata. I know, I know. I'm a walking stereotype.
